[IMP] helpdesk: clarify postpaid support and delete mentions of tasks (#2204)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/timesheet_and_invoice/reinvoice_from_project.rst

The :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` integration provides more control and transparency over how
clients are charged, and what they're specifically billed for.

In Odoo, the Helpdesk agent can use the ticket to record timesheets. Once a ticket is solved, the
client can be billed for the time spent on the ticket. Odoo will pull from the ticket's timesheet
to accurately bill the client.

Configuration
=============

To turn on the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` feature, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk -->
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`, select a Helpdesk team, and then, click :guilabel:`Edit`. Next,
enable the options :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` and :guilabel:`Time Reinvoicing`. Then, click
:guilabel:`Save` to apply these changes to the Helpdesk team settings.

Once the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` feature is enabled, a :guilabel:`Project` drop-down option
will appear below :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket`. The :guilabel:`Project` drop-down option will
automatically be set to a Project that Odoo created for the Helpdesk team. The tickets' timesheets
will be stored in the selected Project.

> Create a sales order

Author: I'll insert a tip block on Lines 60 - 63 (after the "Record a timesheet" section) that says: 

.. tip::
   The ticket's timesheets can be recorded before or after the sales order is made, the order
   doesn't matter.

====================

After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Then, add the
customer from the ticket to the :guilabel:`Customer` field in the new quotation. In the
:guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, create or select a product to charge the customer for the time spent
on their Helpdesk ticket.

If creating a new product from the sales order form, first give the product a name by typing it in
the :guilabel:`Product` column. Then, click :guilabel:`Create and edit`.

> First, uncheck the box next to :guilabel:`Can be Purchased`. Only the box next to :guilabel:`Can be

Author: Got it, I'll delete the "...uncheck the box next to :guilabel:`Can be Purchased`."

Sold` should be checked. Next, in the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, set the
:guilabel:`Product Type` to :guilabel:`Service`, the :guilabel:`Sales Price` to the Helpdesk

> agent's hourly service rate, and the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` to :guilabel:`Hours`. Then, in the

Author: You're right, thank you for reminding me that UoMs is an optional feature. To not confuse the reader, I'll take out "...and [change] the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` to :guilabel:`Hours`."

   :align: center
   :alt: Record time spent on a ticket.

.. tip::
   The ticket's timesheets can be recorded before or after the sales order is made, the order
   doesn't matter.

Link the Helpdesk ticket to the SO
==================================

Once a timesheet is recorded, the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` field will appear on the ticket
form. To link the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to the ticket, start on the ticket form and click
:guilabel:`Edit`. Next, select the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that was created earlier from the
drop-down menu. Odoo will automatically filter the sales orders to only show sales orders that are
connected to the ticket's customer. Lastly, click :guilabel:`Save` to connect the ticket and the
:abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.

.. image:: reinvoice_from_project/link-soi-to-ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link the SO item to the ticket.

Modify billing rates
====================

> If a timesheet entry is recorded, but the agent does not want to bill the client for that time, go
> to the :guilabel:`Timesheets` tab and toggle on the visibility of the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item`
> column. Then, make sure to leave the non-billable timesheet entry's :abbr:`SOI (Sales Order Item)`

Reviewer: Clarification:
Is this a column or is it actually a field or a choice/option?

```suggestion
If a timesheet entry is recorded, but the agent does not want to bill the client for that time, go
to the :guilabel:`Timesheets` tab and toggle on the visibility of the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item`
option.
```

Author: Hm, I would say it's both 😅 

Like, what I mean by the Sales Order Item "column" is this: (Screenshot of SOI column toggle: https://mivu.nimbusweb.me/s/share/7221077/p2zv8genu35hff15vte7)

Then, on each line you add to the timesheet, you fill out the information like the *Date*, *Employee*, *Description*, and *Duration* for the entry. And the Sales Order Item can be left blank or you can select an option from the drop-down menu. (Screenshot of SOI drop-down: https://mivu.nimbusweb.me/s/share/7221100/3mg66qnbk8fuopnmqarh)

I changed the `:abbr:` to a `:guilabel:` on Line 82, and tried to clarify the wording. Let me know if it's still confusing though!

> column. Then, make sure to leave the non-billable timesheet entry's :abbr:`SOI (Sales Order Item)`
> blank.

Reviewer: Since we're talking about a field on the UI here this should be `:guilabel:` not an `:abbr`, no?

```suggestion
column. Then, make sure to leave the non-billable timesheet entry's :guilabel:`Sales Order Item`
field blank.
```

If the agent wants to charge a different rate for a timesheet entry, first, add a new product to

> the connected :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` priced at the new rate. Then, change the timesheet entry's
> :abbr:`SOI (Sales Order Item)` to the new product.

Reviewer: Same as above...we're talking about a field here, right? If so change `:abbr:` to `:guilabel:`
```suggestion
the connected :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` priced at the new rate. Then, change the timesheet entry's
:guilabel:`Sales Order Item` field to the new product.
```

Link the Helpdesk ticket to the SO
==================================

> Once a timesheet is recorded, the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` field will appear on the ticket form.

Author: Thank you! I've made note of this in the log notes for Odoo Task 2870115 (https://www.odoo.com/web#id=2870115&cids=3&action=333&active_id=3835&model=project.task&view_type=form) to remind me to update this section after the fw-port.

To link the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to the ticket, start on the ticket form and click
:guilabel:`Edit`. Next, select the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that was created earlier from the
drop-down menu. Odoo will automatically filter the sales orders to only show sales orders that are
connected to the ticket's customer. Lastly, click :guilabel:`Save` to connect the ticket and the
:abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.

.. image:: reinvoice_from_project/link-soi-to-ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link the SO item to the ticket.

.. tip::
   If a timesheet entry is recorded, but the agent does not want to bill the client for that time,
   go to the :guilabel:`Timesheets` tab and toggle on the visibility of the :guilabel:`Sales Order
   Item` column. Then, make sure all billable timesheet entries have the correct sales order item

>    selected and leave the non-billable timesheet entry's :abbr:`SOI (Sales Order Item)` blank.

Author: Got it, I will take out the part about entering the correct SOI for each billable entry. I also will add that this can be used for billing at different rates.
